I.
I study English every day.
I like my academy, ChocoIngels, because
it's mine, and I can practice by myself
on the platform, which helps me learn
English fast.
Learning English is my passion.
You study English every day.
You like your academy, ChocoIngels,
because it's yours, and you can practice
by yourself on the platform, which helps
you learn English fast.
Learning English is your passion.
He studies English every day.
He likes his academy, ChocoIngels,
because it's his, and he can practice by
himself on the platform, which helps him
learn English fast.
Learning English is his passion.
She studies English every day.
She likes her academy, ChocoIngels,
because it's hers, and she can practice
by herself on the platform, which helps
her learn English fast.
Learning English is her passion.
We study English every day.
We like our academy, ChocoIngels, because
it's ours, and we can practice by
ourselves on the platform, which helps us
learn English fast.
Learning English is our passion.
They study English every day.
They like their academy, ChocoIngels,
because it's theirs, and they can
practice by themselves on the platform,
which helps them learn English fast.
Learning English is their passion.
Pinky is a cat.
It studies English every day.
It likes its academy, ChocoIngels,
because it's its, and it can practice by
itself on the platform, which helps it
learn English fast.
Learning English is it's passion.
Amazon is a company.
It studies English every day.
It likes its academy, ChocoIngels,
because it's its, and it can practice by
itself on the platform, which helps it
learn English fast.
Learning English is it's passion.